Anthony Garcia: Morning.
Good morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: We check audio and video. Make sure video, audio are in sync. You can hear me. Can you see me okay
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, look at you get rid of the green I see work in that wall.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah I did most of that side right there. Now I'm getting along this wall there. So I'm trying to get it painted
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, are you, I can't remember if you were going to do like a lighter color or gray. What we're going to do.
Anthony Garcia: I was going to do like us like go offline. But the only thing I could get wet and have to spend a lot of money was like a professional just the regular like high high like yielding wider something that I got for cheap. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's gonna brighten up the room. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: I like like colors so
Anthony Garcia: Yeah. And then I'm going to fill the walls up with some pictures and stuff like that. So I mean one look too bad, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of course not. And is this an enjoyable little task for you kind of focusing
Gwenevere Abriel: Kind of moving forward on doing something productive. Are you liking it, or is it feeling like a burden.
Anthony Garcia: I'm not a burden. I mean, I'm enjoying it. I wish I could do it a lot faster. Get this room ready because this is going to be my rule for a while. I would like for it to be.
Anthony Garcia: You know where my beds ready and everything is just ready for me to come into but I mean it'll get there, I guess.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and well alright so it is April.
Gwenevere Abriel: 10
Gwenevere Abriel: And I had didn't have a chance to look at your note from before, so I don't know kind of where you were at. But can you kind of fill me in on how you've been doing these weeks.
Anthony Garcia: I've been doing great. I made the garden for my daughter. We planted tomatoes and and a bunch of sell flowers and stuff in it.
Anthony Garcia: She's happy with it. I'm happy with it. I've made me very
Anthony Garcia: Happy, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I was going to find my taxes, where I did find my taxes.
Anthony Garcia: I expected. I was going to get the 1200 dollar stimulus check
Anthony Garcia: I'm not getting it because my dad claimed me as a dependent on his taxes.
Anthony Garcia: And so yesterday when I found that out. I was going to. I felt like I was going to get pissed off and I did it.
And
Anthony Garcia: I'm still I'm angry. Don't get me wrong peers.
Anthony Garcia: But I have not blew up our nobody I haven't
Anthony Garcia: Okay, don't know that anger stuff that I normally do like barge into his room start playing them and tell them that
Anthony Garcia: You know you did this on purpose and stuff like that, you know, stuff that I kind of made up in my head a little bit and now I'm just thinking, you know, it's not his fault, you know, it's my sister's, the one that did the taxes for okay figured that, you know, since I get paid cash.
Anthony Garcia: At work and stuff that maybe I wasn't going to file my taxes this year or something and
Anthony Garcia: And I don't know, I'm just kind of as a he said he was going to amend his if he if I needed. But I didn't want to mess with this taxes. So forget it. I just forgot about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wow, that is progress, isn't it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I've been talking about still pissed off, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Like makes me mad that
Anthony Garcia: You know, they didn't even ask me, or like say, Hey, were you filing your taxes this you know they could have. I mean, that's my social security number, they're using, you know, they could at least asked me and see what my situation was first, you know,
Anthony Garcia: That's how I see it, but
Anthony Garcia: I mean, there's really nothing I can really do. I mean, I could sit there and yell at all of them and then they can go back change their taxes. My dad's taxes. I mean, and all that stuff. And then I'd have to go back amend my taxes. I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: 1200 dollars is being worth all that
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe it's worth, not the yelling and blowing up part. I mean you are starting to see. I think a glimpse that you can have a conversation without blowing up. I don't know if you know that that's an option for you yet.
Anthony Garcia: I feel like it is a yesterday. I mean, I fought it. You know, I had to fight like I really wanted to blow up. I mean, I just kind of wanted to, you know, just to prove a point that, why did you do this, you know, but
Anthony Garcia: Really thinking about it. I mean at to the few minutes to think about bigger, you know, it's not like
Anthony Garcia: He really just fake purposely said, Hey, I'm going to do this. So my son is going to be able to get 1200 he didn't really know either, you know, and my sisters is the one that I like preparedness tax forms.
Anthony Garcia: I mean, it's not like she and her has, like, all I'm gonna do this to my brother, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I just, I'm just kind of sad because I had plans, you know,
Anthony Garcia: I plans with that money. I had to fix my car on a new battery for my car. I've been doing all this stuff. The garden everything I've been spending a lot of money and I figured it's all going to get replenished with this 1200 dollar stimulus chip.
Anthony Garcia: And I'm not kidding, it's and then works been really slow. We got to pay rent and I don't know how my cousin is going to do with landmark. You know, I told him I'm down to give her hat and tell her. That's all we could get, you know,
Anthony Garcia: You know,
And
Anthony Garcia: My cousin. I know how he is he's because he told me already. This is what we're going to do. But when it comes time like when the landlord cons hit Hill, you know, fall to his needs. You know, and give her anything that you want.
Anthony Garcia: And if he wants to full 900 will give it to her, you know, because he don't know how to tell her like
Anthony Garcia: This it's the virus, you know, works been slow, you know, how can we pay you rent.
Anthony Garcia: And
Anthony Garcia: I just, I already know that he's not going to do it. I don't know what to do.
Anthony Garcia: Just kind of lost in a lot of things, you know, I don't want to be angry anymore. So that's not an option for me. So I'm just like, kind of just rolling with the punches, I guess.
Anthony Garcia: So what happens. I told him. This is what I'm going to do and
Anthony Garcia: He agreed. And, but, you know, when it comes down to it, it's going to be his final decision so
Anthony Garcia: We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: See, you are seeing progress, you're seeing what we might call this first phase is sort of impulse control. So you're controlling that impulse and that
Gwenevere Abriel: You can sit with that and maybe you're seeing several times where you control the impulse and that's outstanding and it sounds like you've created time in there to think maybe the intentions are not
Gwenevere Abriel: wicked, evil, Melissa. Maybe you leave a little bit of room for maybe just because I'm feeling and I want to. I'm going to say this a few times, just because I'm feeling hurt and disappointed doesn't mean their intentions were to hurt.
Gwenevere Abriel: They there's not a direct arrow between those two because I feel it doesn't make their intention. So, and I have this little phrase and I stuck it in my own text because I was like oh yeah that's a keeper.
Gwenevere Abriel: Missy, if it, if it pops right up. Yeah, okay. It is
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not infer intent right picture sister did not infer, which do you know the word infer
Gwenevere Abriel: Interpret like don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't make meaning. So don't infer comes from this word inference. So do not infer intent her intent from
Gwenevere Abriel: You the impact of outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't infer
Gwenevere Abriel: That if you can just hold that just just for right now. Let's slow down because this is when you really get this. That's the next piece.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Because, because you can hear me in therapy saying yes you you have anger, you have every right to it. You have every right to sad disappointment, all of the human emotion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then what we have to show everyone that we have those. Well, I don't know. Let's see, we've got a little longer. Maybe the difference. And this is right at a point where you are right here which is
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm. Now what if I control my impulse to show everyone how pissed off. I am and prove I'm right because you're right there. You're sitting with it long enough that now some options are becoming available to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what I see is you go the opposite. You go, well, I'm just gonna have to roll with the punches and that's hard for me to hear because it is not a pleasant life to think and always going to have to be a doormat.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unpleasant. So right here in this space. So I want you to see if you can say out loud make up stories. It's possible that my sister's intent was what
Gwenevere Abriel: just brainstorm. What are some intent. She could have had instead of trying to undervalue you by ignoring your needs and wants. What is some other intense she could have had
Anthony Garcia: Helping my dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one. Absolutely. That was the one I was thinking up to
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And what's an assumption. She could have had try on a nice one beneficence meaning good that she could have had about you.
Anthony Garcia: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Such on this one. This one might be harder to get to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sit with it. Okay. Well, you did it for your dad were able to say my sister might have been making a decision that benefits. My dad you were able to do that for him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I know it's harder, right, because the defenses are up and we can't believe that she had good intent for me, but it's just you and I
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's just take it to fantasy. Just something ridiculous, but let's just go there because it gets your mind thinking out of this negative space. So what is something. Try it again. What could your wildest imagination. How might what she did help you
Gwenevere Abriel: Are for you isn't it. So that's probably why it's still kind of curling around inside is this anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's really hard to even imagine. So I wonder why I can think of some
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me help a little bit because I it's better when you come to it on your own and and me just sort of spoon feeding it. So let's let's still want you to work for this. So let me try it this way.
Gwenevere Abriel: on an emotional level on a psychological level, how do you think her making sure that that 1200 let's say
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I have to phrase it differently, but
Gwenevere Abriel: The fact that she claimed you as a dependent like it's the fact that she did that, how does it help the emotional relationship between you and your dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Said, with a little long. Just stay there. Okay, so how does it help them relationship with Me and my dad. Hmm. See, with a little bit. See if you can come up with any possible positive thing that could come from, from what sister did
Gwenevere Abriel: Hmm.
Anthony Garcia: That we're still in each other's lives. I guess I don't, I'm not sure. Then
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm not sure either. This is just fantasy. This is just made up stuff.
Anthony Garcia: That my dad needs me more than I need him.
Anthony Garcia: I have no idea. I don't. I just like for her. Her intent.
Anthony Garcia: Just to me doesn't feel like anything bad I like
Anthony Garcia: There's nothing that I feel like towards my sister, even though she's the one that did it. It all like
Anthony Garcia: Everything I feel right now is towards my dad. I'm not mad at him. I don't want to go out there and fight them or nothing. I just, I'm just trying to find a way to, like, just like talk to him, you know, without him getting mad because if I say, Hey, Dad.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, because you did because you did this. Now I'm not going to give my money.
Anthony Garcia: He's going to get upset you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's just say that we don't have to go any further than that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Say that again, because you did this, I am not getting my money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if I said, see if we can do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be something similar, trying to see where to go here, make it in here with you and I thought would be useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll just do it to you because I think you'll get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you
Gwenevere Abriel: Won't do the homework. You make me feel like a bad therapist.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not true. But I want you to just try that on for a second. How did you feel just when I said it.
Anthony Garcia: Bad
Gwenevere Abriel: Bad Habit words like blamed
Gwenevere Abriel: Guilty like something in there. What else bad is like one of those things. It could be any number of emotions what happened.
Anthony Garcia: Felt like I let you down.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, all right. I'm with you. I'm with you. Okay, so there happens to be the, the way that you were able to do that let down feeling it means you actually
Gwenevere Abriel: You care about what I think. So that's, that's interesting that that seems to have developed over years. At this point, you actually do care about my opinion of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so there's care here. So you're going to care.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's good for me to know and other pieces over work together, but just for this one.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's interesting. So you did. Did you feel blamed and attacked
Anthony Garcia: I felt attacked. Yes, I felt like
Anthony Garcia: You know,
Anthony Garcia: It's my fault.
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, how do you enjoy or not enjoy sitting with your the problem. It's all your fault. You're the reason I'm unhappy.
Gwenevere Abriel: How comfortable is that for you.
Anthony Garcia: Trouble at all. It'll, it'll eat at me all day long. I'd be out of. I won't even be able to work today if I, if that was real.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not real. So what I'm talking about is this word empathy right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: So the, so we're sitting with this concept of empathy and I tried it on in here because Dad's not here, I'd be able to do if that was here, but instead we're playing it out in here. Okay, so I want you to imagine I'm dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say, Say to me because you did this, Dad, I'm not getting my money. Okay. I want you to say that to me.
Anthony Garcia: Because you did this, Dad, I'm not kidding when money.
Gwenevere Abriel: We, you know what i right and I start defending myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I am and you have a bed.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you came in with finger pointed because of you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about, I think you want because you just said, I want to talk with my dad, but I don't want it to blow up. I think you want to have a different relationship with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to be able to talk about this money. I want it for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if you come in, accusing and blaming someone. The first thing you're going to do is defend yourself you're getting attacked. What do we do when we're being attacked. We defend ourselves and he has probably even less insight into themselves in. You do. Urine therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm sorry but you're going to have to start the new communication style, it's not going to come from him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're so funny. Yeah, well, tough notice he's not going to do it. You think he's going to be like, Oh, let me read a self help book. Let me get an online therapist and work on my communication skills you fix your dad doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay then, then why not you. It doesn't mean you're bad broken it means you're the stronger, more intelligent insightful evolved woke, man. Okay, so what, that's a good thing.
Anthony Garcia: As what what else is like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, just bugs me is that
Anthony Garcia: I let him claim my daughter on his taxes. So he's going to get an extra 500 you know he's going to get the 1200 plus 500 because of my daughter, you know,
Anthony Garcia: And I did that to like without even thinking about, it's just like, Yeah, go ahead. You know, it's
Anthony Garcia: You know, and
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's stay with the first
Anthony Garcia: I don't know just what gets me mad. Is that, like, what was the purpose of him, claiming you know I he can't get earned income credit for me.
Anthony Garcia: He can't get an extra 500 for me. There's nothing that can value him with me as it is dependent on his taxes and it just kind of upsets me that, why did they do let you know it's like
Anthony Garcia: It makes no sense. They didn't like
Anthony Garcia: Completely didn't
Anthony Garcia: I don't know his taxes would have been exactly the same with or without me in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: The difference between you and someone who is not afraid of themselves blowing up. Say it again. The difference between you and someone not afraid of blowing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is they're not afraid of blowing up. Let's go back to the first piece really work hard at this. This is a good you then seek, it's just about con it's
Gwenevere Abriel: I can ask a question. I have a right to get my information, I agree with you. I'm sitting here scratching my head too, but I'm not afraid of a big blow out, you are
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Getting confidence about how you communicate your question could be useful.
Gwenevere Abriel: People get defensive with why people get defensive when we, when we start with you, you, you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to tell me
Gwenevere Abriel: God, I know you you already know these skills, but they don't come any easier unless you've been practicing them these months and years. Hey dad, I feel confused. Notice the feeling words aren't you confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I know your other things. But let's take it easy. Let's not go to that other one just yet.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about even. We'll start with sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: I fucking confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: What tax benefit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Does claiming me as dependent on Dad's return
Gwenevere Abriel: What is the tax benefit. Okay, I feel confused around
Gwenevere Abriel: The tax dad, me being claimed on on dad some tax return. And you could just say it as a statement I feel confused around the tax benefit for dad, me being claimed as a dependent. Do you see that's not a question. It's a statement, try it on. See how you do if I'm says
Anthony Garcia: What's the phase is Sarah, what's the
Gap.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is different.
You
Gwenevere Abriel: Confused.
Anthony Garcia: I feel confused.
Anthony Garcia: Because I don't understand why.
Anthony Garcia: What benefit Dad gets for me being claimed as a dependent on his taxes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, one more time and do not throw in the why I'm telling you that why question if people are already sensitive will will get defensive just do one more time, it would just drop them why just go as slow as you need to.
Anthony Garcia: I'm confused that you
Anthony Garcia: Put me on dance Texas as a
Gwenevere Abriel: Now, I felt some hostility and that one. Did you feel it at all. I don't know why some about the way you did it. I'm confused. Okay. The reason why we use feel is you're not gonna like this you
Gwenevere Abriel: are fine. The feeling will change in a hot second, it can change. I feel this and it may change as soon as you get your information, you may have a change in feeling
Anthony Garcia: I think it's just hard for me to tell like
Anthony Garcia: Especially just anybody like how I feel.
Anthony Garcia: It's hard for me to just say, Hey, I'm confused because I don't want her to know that I'm confused, I'm not confused. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you think your week if your
Anthony Garcia: Peers, I
Anthony Garcia: Want to go
Anthony Garcia: And tell my sister. I'm mad as hell that you did this because you know my son's just so much to me. And it's not like I know that she did not intend for this to happen.
Anthony Garcia: But like I know how I am. And
Anthony Garcia: I'm gonna I'm gonna get mad, you know, and then
Anthony Garcia: You know, I don't know. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: making us feel real mad right now it's
Anthony Garcia: A real mad.
Anthony Garcia: And then it's not only that, it's, you know, I was expecting this money and today's Friday, I'm supposed to get paid. And I'm not even getting paid, you know. So I mean it's just everything's just like
Anthony Garcia: I'm just very, very mad and
Anthony Garcia: Okay, but you know what to do with it right now. I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: Because usually, I follow up. I usually a blow up. I'll do, I'll even fight with my daughter and get her pissed off.
Anthony Garcia: Man, that's easy for me.
Anthony Garcia: This not knowing what to do, is I don't know what to do. I'm just
Gwenevere Abriel: Also there's another piece of it, Anthony. There's a refusal to do what I'm suggesting there's also, I don't, I don't want to say I feel something. And I'm guessing it's because you think you're weak. If you say a little. What is it a girly girl way of talking. Is that why you think though.
Anthony Garcia: I guess I just I
Anthony Garcia: Like when I'm with my friends and stuff. And like
Anthony Garcia: No one ever says, I feel like this, you know, I mean, I've never heard any guy really say, I feel, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Media, though.
Anthony Garcia: No, no, I just yes it's more to me like what a woman would say, or a girl would say to another girl, you know, or a girl would say to a guy. I don't see guys even like when I had relationships. I never really said this is how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how those relationships.
Anthony Garcia: God
Gwenevere Abriel: And how are you and I, I can sit with your big feelings. Right. I can, I can sit with them. Okay, but you haven't done a lot of the directing and that means something you're really, really careful you don't directed me
Gwenevere Abriel: I mean, it's like almost never
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've never gotten to see in real time. What confrontation might look like in here because you don't challenge me very often. Sometimes you'll see them. So I agree. I will. I need to go like, there'll be a little bit of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't really directed at me very often like ever you're very careful.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to, I want to just put a pin in that and not miss this opportunity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I think you have this bias and it's not well hidden and we've run into it all the time. It's, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: You would rather do what's familiar which meets your identity of this masculine, which means I get angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hate doesn't get you what you want. You want a relationship with your dad. You want to show respect to your sister and gratitude.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then what's wrong with communicating in a healthy way. You weren't raised with us.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were raised with it. This would be normal and you'd be like, Yeah, this is what I healthy. This is what healthy communication and then you know what, when, when your homies would be talking or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you'd be like, oh, that's different. It's just what you grew up with. That's it. Everybody's got their norm.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not saying to you forever to always speak I feel this one, blah, blah, blah. It's just you have another skill, but I do see a consistent refusal to try it on. And I'm sick, I'm thinking it's because it's you think it's like I said, a girly girl, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But what if it's the right tool and you keep reaching for the the wrench. When you need a socket, whatever you just because what it's it's painted pink and you won't use it. I mean, does that really make sense.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to
Anthony Garcia: The real world no
Anthony Garcia: I guess it doesn't because I mean a pink tool and a black tools going to do the same job.
Anthony Garcia: But
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I told you these phrases came from a man that a man that a person with a penis came up with the I feel statement would it make you feel better.
Anthony Garcia: I mean, I believe it. I believe that that that but that guy.
Anthony Garcia: Is more comfortable with his feelings, you know,
Anthony Garcia: You're comfortable with his feelings is comfortable with who he is.
Gwenevere Abriel: Who he
Gwenevere Abriel: Is and he gets it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not comfortable with who I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not comfortable with my feelings. So we practice it, we do it in little ones we do it in little, little ones.
Anthony Garcia: Because, because even like what I'm thinking. Now you know me and Bridget had a very good relationship we got along very well. We just didn't communicate well. Right. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, can we just, I don't know about very well.
Gwenevere Abriel: Very good relationship. You're going to go with that.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, maybe not.
Anthony Garcia: But let's say me and my dad.
Anthony Garcia: You know,
Anthony Garcia: I mean, we're
Anthony Garcia: We're very like
Anthony Garcia: I've lived. I mean, I've been around him my whole life, you know, even when I went to prison. He took care of my family.
Anthony Garcia: When I got out of prison he helped me
Anthony Garcia: I don't know. He's always helped me but
Anthony Garcia: I feel like there's a hate there, you know, and
Anthony Garcia: And I'm just, I want to ask him, this is what I want. I wanted to ask them why. Why do you want to ask questions.
Anthony Garcia: That's what I want to do. I want to ask my dad questions, but he doesn't want it doesn't feel like he wants to answer my questions.
Anthony Garcia: And then when I do like try to
Anthony Garcia: Talk to him and stuff. He gets really like weird to you know and then it makes me feel weird. And then the only thing I could think of is just
Anthony Garcia: A letters that I gotta go. You know, and I'm I don't see him for another day. You know, it's just it gets weird for us, you know, we're both to people that don't know how to speak.
Anthony Garcia: What we feel and what we're thinking and stuff. And so it makes us hard to communicate and that's the only person right now that I want to communicate with
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Anthony Garcia: There's there's things that we need to do for
Anthony Garcia: Our house the family, my, my daughter and stuff. And I feel like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know anything that's going on, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Just
Anthony Garcia: In the last minute when this needs to be done.
Anthony Garcia: A plumbing needs to be done, air conditioning needs to be done yard needs to be done. That's when I need to know when the work needs to be done, but nobody tells me anything about we almost got kicked out of this House, we almost
Anthony Garcia: You know, things like this you know my dad, I try to ask him about his health and stuff.
Anthony Garcia: He's got his breathing machine on. He hasn't looked very well. He doesn't want to tell me like pay. I'm not feeling well, you know,
Anthony Garcia: He rather die in his bed alone than tell his family, like, Hey, I'm not feeling good, I need help, you know, and
Anthony Garcia: I was just makes me feel bad that he can ask me for help to do labor stuff, but he can ask me to help him, you know,
Anthony Garcia: Like
Anthony Garcia: I don't know.
Anthony Garcia: I guess a lot of these things are just kind of building up in my head.
Anthony Garcia: I'm having a hard time just
Anthony Garcia: Not getting mad, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Anthony Garcia: I'm thinking too much. These last few days, especially ever since the stimulus checking and I don't want to use money as a way to be mad and detached from my family. After all this work I've been doing, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony, can we come back like this down.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do not infer intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: From
Gwenevere Abriel: The impact. Just keep it really simple. Do not infer intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: From impact.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you can put above the word infer
Gwenevere Abriel: Meaning, right. Do not make meaning net quit negative or for you bad did not make bad meaning from how I feel.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have a right to be confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your refusal to try these new skills that I teach and rehearse and teach and rehearse because
Gwenevere Abriel: You have an idea in your head that because we've had conflict in the past because he isn't going to know how to handle my disclosed feelings, it will go badly. You don't know that for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know that for sure. The more you are comfortable with you, the more confidence. You're going to feel around
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying I want a better relationship with you, Dad. Sometimes I fucking
Gwenevere Abriel: get so angry. I don't want to feel like that anymore.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to be able to freely talk and I want to get there. I know it's going to take time, but you are going to see me talking differently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or usually I feel weird kind of like we don't know how to talk about, you can say touchy feely stuff you can use. Excellent. It's whatever your style.
Gwenevere Abriel: But do you know you're refusing to do these things for a really long time. How come other clients get to try it on and play with them, but you don't have a right to
Anthony Garcia: Go just
Gwenevere Abriel: Go work the work you will have expressed your frustration, it'll be basis. I'm confused. Also really and the confusion. Normally I would be so angry right now but
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to do it differently. And you talk about in the moment about how hard it is right, then since I what I want to do is pop off but
Gwenevere Abriel: Right now, I just can't I make an assumption. This is what you did you say I make an assumption that your intent around
Gwenevere Abriel: Dead claiming me on as a dependent is that somehow y'all were trying to hurt me and it's making me so mad. But I want to get more information. So I'm trying to chill and says,
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you just tell me, let me into your logic, so I can get out of my head. What's your logic. Why, what was the reasoning, because I make up this story about y'all don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Consult me y'all don't talk to me. And I know that's not the full story I'm seeing a therapist. I'm trying to address my first reaction around anger says, Tell me how you came to that decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now what did I just do. And can you describe how I talked
Anthony Garcia: And
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, just felt like you wanted to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: What I
Know,
Anthony Garcia: And like, I believe, do you, that you wanted to know, and I just
Anthony Garcia: Been while you're asking the questions I was kind of thinking what she would answer, you know, and
Anthony Garcia: I want to ask these questions I want to actually, I want to call it today. And just, I don't even want to ask her like her 10 I want to ask her. Is there anything we can do
Anthony Garcia: To change this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey. All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: But
Anthony Garcia: My problem is
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to put them in like
Anthony Garcia: That where they have to do more work, or they have to change things, or they have to forget what they had to do today because they have to go back and change these taxes and stuff, you know. Sorry, I get
Anthony Garcia: You know, I don't want to. I don't want to make their life harder just because I want 1200 bucks. You know, that's just it makes me feel
Anthony Garcia: Really good.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say it. See, that's why you guys all call this this girly girl stuff we but it's not. Look how hard it is to sit with feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: And you notice I sounded honest and genuine right. Is that what you said when my little role play that's because in the moment I was talking about how I was what I was going through right in the moment, since it would be. Hey, man, this is a little uncomfortable for me. On one hand,
Gwenevere Abriel: I am I'm kind of disappointed. I was really counting on 1200 dollars and and I know that the I was filed is dependent on death taxes and, on the other hand, I'm so grateful to use this
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to. I'm I'm conflicted.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm spending the money I feel guilty. I'm conflicted. I feel conflicted. Um, I was really counting on the money. But I don't want to ask you guys to change something with the taxes or refile it or something. Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: But I you haven't said what you want. So I don't know what you want.
Anthony Garcia: I'm gonna ask because
Anthony Garcia: If they
Anthony Garcia: I mean, if they really cared about me, then they would
Anthony Garcia: You know that I guess they wouldn't have to question
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, look at the paper. You just did it again. Look at the paper. Good. Okay, I
Anthony Garcia: Inferred intend to get
Gwenevere Abriel: You caught it.
Anthony Garcia: Habitual it's hard for me not to though.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's
Anthony Garcia: Part of my nature like how I've been living my whole life.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know
Anthony Garcia: And I guess maybe that's why
Anthony Garcia: A lot of things that I've wanted in life didn't happen maybe, you know,
Anthony Garcia: But I'm just thinking
Anthony Garcia: I just want to talk to her, you know, it's not, I'm not gonna, I'm not going to tell her this is what you did, or anything. I'm just, I just want to ask her. This is what I want to ask you that. Hey, Sarah. Is there anything we can do to change the taxes without making it difficult for you guys.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, okay. And she might say why. And then you could say you could talk about your conflicting
Anthony Garcia: With 1200 dollars and really helped me in my daughter right now.
Anthony Garcia: I mean, really, really help us out.
Anthony Garcia: And then right now. Without it, and then I'm not getting paid for my job. I'm going to really fall behind.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I want you to say this, try this on, but your truth and
Gwenevere Abriel: Sarah I'm conflicted because I'm also grateful just being able to stay with my dad and grateful to use this so include both give me the other half. Also, I really need this money, give me the other be conflicting feelings. Give me that one too.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't
Anthony Garcia: But I don't want
Anthony Garcia: I don't want to like make things harder, you know,
Anthony Garcia: For her for her, you know, it's like
Anthony Garcia: I'm huge because she's busy still, you know, she still has to work and and take care of her daughter take care of my mom take care of her household stuff and I just don't want to.
Anthony Garcia: Pile this on tour after she's it's already like done but
Anthony Garcia: But
Anthony Garcia: What if, what if, but if she says that it's like too hard or whatever.
Anthony Garcia: I could probably just say, I guess. And this is just the way it's going to be, but
Gwenevere Abriel: What, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. What about Don't give up on yourself. What if it's
Gwenevere Abriel: Hey next year. I'd like to kind of participate in this process.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'd like to participate in the filing. I know I didn't speak up this year didn't tell you what I wanted to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Next year, I'd like to participate in the process and be a part of the decision.
Gwenevere Abriel: You see that you see the difference, instead of throwing your hands up. I'm screwed. I'm a victim.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm I ain't got nothing power on. You know, like it's different than you getting into what you want. Next time I kind of want to participate with that be okay with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe we could kind of sit down together. I could learn a little bit about it. In fact, Sarah. I was just curious about how it benefits, Dad.
Gwenevere Abriel: That can flow when you're comfortable with yourself. Right. And this is going to take rehearsal.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your automatic style has been I'm either right or I'm wrong, your whole life. I'm right or I'm wrong, you just, oh I got enough. Now I can pop off on someone as you just go back and forth over and over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: Our human interaction and intention is so much more complicated than that each one of us is of those mixed feelings, she may have mixtures to
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe she wanted it for you. And there's something going on for her that we don't know, and if you don't check it out and ask or find out or be curious about it or maybe have a positive assumption about our intention. We never find out.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's all about that thing you said in here. I'm not even comfortable being uncomfortable with these emotions. I know anger. I know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shame. I know anger. I know. Shame on you flip flop between those two rage blowing up and then it's all my fault. It isn't that it isn't like that. It's far more complicated than that it's in between there. I'm not all bad. Even when I screw up. You're not all bad when you screw up. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have to know that in the moment when you're on the phone when you start tightness in the body's tightness in the chest tightness.
Gwenevere Abriel: You take a breath. You got to catch it. I know you think this stuff's Hokey Pokey, but it will give you time to think of a cool, calm, collected way of saying your truth without it coming out impulsive or angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take a little breath get center. Notice where the body's getting anxious, even if you have to say, you know what, oh, something just came up. Can I call you back in 10 minutes and you take care of yourself and you come back to this important conversation.
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't have to be a blow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't know that yet. And I almost sound in my sound like I live in La La Land like don't real people don't talk like this. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: They do. And you know what takes months and sometimes years of an argument and resentment. If we say why, which is our feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: Instead of showing someone going to hurt you. The way you hurt me or the way I felt hurt. We can bypass so much time. We can hurry up and get right to
Gwenevere Abriel: You're frustrated certainly like oh yeah yeah you're frustrated and confused. Yeah, I would be too. I didn't talk to you about it. You're surprised. So I said, I'm confused, I'm surprised. I'm confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm confused, I'm surprised. I'm frustrated. I'm confused, I'm surprised. What's wrong with those emotions. How are those
Gwenevere Abriel: Female surprised and confused. What's wrong with those
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I mean, I mean, there's no problem with them, I guess, or it's just I don't
Anthony Garcia: I've just never felt like I was confused. You know, it felt like, even though I was confused. I was had like a quick solution, you know, whether it's
Anthony Garcia: The right one or wrong. One is still a solution.
Anthony Garcia: And it gets me out of that confused.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, very insightful. You can write a book on that dude, you just named it and that's the same thing. I'm saying is that you go to, I'm either right and indignant.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Hmm. And I look at that. I got great ammunition. They're going to feel me now. Yeah, I get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Someone has to be wrong in these scenarios. See, they're going to be here. It's going to be them life isn't like that way more complicated.
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at your piece of paper before you get on the phone before you text instead have a greater a kinder most generous assumption.
Gwenevere Abriel: If I have the mindset as I get on the phone or right before I make a text or I walk in the hall and I see my dad. What's the most generous assumption I could have real quick. Think of one for dad. First one, most generous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Assumption that's something on your page, it's the opposite. What's the most generous.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you even know what that phrase means should I explain it. Yes, explain it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: My dad wants me to be happy. That's a generous assumption. My sister wants me to save money and succeed. That's a generous assumption when you lead with that as the ground on which you stand
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to feel more safe talking to them. Right. That's the frame of mine, instead of trying to screw me. I gotta bear down and get ready for the next time there's taken advantage of me. You see the world like that that's what they're going to be
Anthony Garcia: And I think that's why it's so hard for me to go to the generous side is because I believe
Anthony Garcia: It. Well, that's what I
Anthony Garcia: Used to believe that everybody had an attempt, you know, bad into
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony you
Gwenevere Abriel: Wouldn't be living in their house. You wouldn't be living in this House or sister wouldn't be helping you save money you have evidence to demonstrate that they
Gwenevere Abriel: Care and you keep rejecting it, because it isn't enough because you have all this resentment from
Gwenevere Abriel: And I think it's from childhood and we're trying to get to that work, and I don't want to overwhelm you with all of that end our stuff, but it's good out but this lift way of communicating is also helping it means I can sit with my anger.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can take care of myself. It's not the only truth if someone else's truth. Let me lean in to curiosity over being right let me do it again. I know she died when she said it 100 times. Okay, I'ma do it I'm gonna do what I would do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Said, Hey, Sarah. Um, what was your decision about how did you come to that, that idea of claiming me there.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait wait for her answer, maybe you'll be surprised. You might not know everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what her thinking was, but I'm open to it. I'm actually curious. I'm not leading with go I dare you to frickin lie to me. You know, like you're ready for it and it hasn't worked
Gwenevere Abriel: It makes you sick inside and hurt and you are so much more capable. We got to get you past this dichotomous thinking, which means black and white, good, bad, right, wrong when you finally see the gray.
Gwenevere Abriel: That you are capable of sitting with both loving your father and hating him up for how he let you down.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will be released and free
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to walk into the living room and be both disappointed in him see his frailty and limitations and sometimes be I rolling irritated when you can sit with that duality both. It's not one or the other. It's both at any given moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you have it in you. But I also know it's unfamiliar, you want to swing, swing back and forth.
Gwenevere Abriel: These little steps. This one talking to says she's a little safer than then Dad. Start with her. She's safer.
Gwenevere Abriel: Find your set your mind my sis has shown me love she's demonstrated taken me in helping me save money. Let me hold that hold that deep in my body to feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: She does care. She's doing everything she can. She's a hard working woman she cares and then call
Gwenevere Abriel: Your voice will be softer your intent of. I just want to get some information.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't want to sit with my confusion. I'm pretty sure I'm only have half of it and I'm making up a really negative story about it. What's wrong with saying those kinds of things right in my head, I'm telling myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, you know, you guys don't care about me but I'm calling because it can't be the only truth or has to be your side of it. There has to be other information. I'll talk to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay me here, again, get your paper. What does it say what does it mean to you and you look at that phrase and phrase it cross the line out if that's not the phrase, it makes you snap to
Gwenevere Abriel: What is my most generous assumption about what someone believes about me. That's not it, and draw a line through it and come up with something else that's going to snap you out of your negative belief about them. What is it,
Anthony Garcia: I don't know, I just, I gotta keep continuing to
Anthony Garcia: Look at have this in my head. Like, do not infer intent, you know,
Anthony Garcia: If I could just keep that in my head. And then here that
Anthony Garcia: When I'm starting to feel like somebody is like
Anthony Garcia: Against me when they're not. I mean, I could. It helped me think better, you know, and I guess if I can just get one tiny little positive thought. It'll, it'll help me from not blowing up.
Gwenevere Abriel: excites you, because you also do it the other way to. So notice how today, you're like everything's going to make it a garden got the tomatoes. Right. Everything was irie and then right I start we start talking, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's good, it's good. Now I'm very angry and hate. You know, so it works both ways. Okay, so just then you accept that about yourself. You just say
Gwenevere Abriel: I will move quickly I can move quickly the thoughts that I sit with can really get me stuck on one side or the other. So if you know that about yourself and you've got any real Nope, can't go to the native thinking, what's that thing going into intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: From outcome. Don't infer intent from how I'm feeling. Don't infer their intent, just based on how I'm feeling.
Gwenevere Abriel: Like I have. Okay, don't it further intent. I can do the next thing, right. She was curiosity.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over being right that's the next one. Okay, do it again, again, again, again, again, again, you come back and you're like hey guess what your environment is going to now see you is less hostile
Gwenevere Abriel: They're going to see us more open, more empathetic more caring, you're going to have a positive interaction with them.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do it. You're so close, you hold on to this little phrase, if you can just throw it on your arm or something. Don't do that. But still,
Gwenevere Abriel: So, you know, it's a little rubber bands, a little bow on your finger. It helps us. Okay, what's this thing I'm working on today. So draw something on your finger draw something somewhere to remind you to do it and do it 10 times a day until it to the new habit.
Anthony Garcia: I'm gonna try. I'm gonna
Anthony Garcia: I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Do it.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah, I want to try with my sister.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was her. She's a little safer person.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's easier for you to see her positive intention is really hard for you to do with dad right now. Go. So we practice on less threatening people. Okay. Same way you can do it in here because it's less threatening. I'm not right because I, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So with sister. She's less threatening. So let's go for that. I love it. I want to hear about it. Come into group and brag about it, send me a text, send me an email say went well, or she got defensive any way and
Gwenevere Abriel: I made it next to the next level, which is. Oh, she's just scared of something. Maybe she's feeling different maybe she's still feeling attacked. Let me look at how I said it. But, see if you can resist just going to rage.
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back to, we don't have to complicate it. Go on. What's her intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Her anger. I've seen her angry. Normally, I would say, I'm bad, I'm bad can't stand it fight back. No, no, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's the most generous assumption. She's confused too. What about that one just
Gwenevere Abriel: Positive influence. Let's schedule another time to meet you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You eating those tomatoes.
Anthony Garcia: Yeah.
Anthony Garcia: We're going to. They're like the big ones.
Gwenevere Abriel: Young
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it with fettuccine balsamic vinegar. Yummy yummy yummy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what do we got here, we have
Gwenevere Abriel: You want it, you want to do, back to back, and follow up with what you're doing right now or do you want to keep going every other week. Do you want
Anthony Garcia: Or like the every other week because next week, I'll be in group and then the following week I do individual so kind of had I have a, like a meeting every week just one screw up and then one's individual
Anthony Garcia: It's been working for me like that.
Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shift on that will be
Gwenevere Abriel: I have someone on the 24th and you seem to really like the structure and consistency of Friday we tried it any other way. And it went. We forgot. So I have someone already scheduled at seven. I'm going to reach out to her and see if she wants to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe on Monday.
Anthony Garcia: And if for some reason she she can't or or doesn't work out, maybe we can do this one back to back. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now let me reach out to her. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Anthony right I gotta follow up with that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, we've got a tentative April 14 7am
Gwenevere Abriel: And I'll confirm via text. So what's the thought that you're going to rehearse. Many times today.
Anthony Garcia: Do not infer intent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. As soon as you
Anthony Garcia: Get better outcome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. As soon as you walk into the home, you're going to bump into people your automatic thought is going to be a perceived threat. That's what you habitually do it doesn't mean it's the truth. So you run that thought in there because your automatic self going to happen first. I know you
Gwenevere Abriel: It's the way we all are, what was that what they have to up to no good now. Okay, turn the thought on
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't serve me that doesn't serve us retry this other way. Oh, now my shoulders go down my breathing change as soon as I have that nice. I'm like,
Gwenevere Abriel: Look at me. I need to check it out. What's up, dad now only change. We've got a looser cooler Connor way I like it. See if you can remember that. Um, and I will see you in group.
Anthony Garcia: Okay, Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need me to message a doctor about medication or anything. Are you good through group.
Anthony Garcia: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. I'll talk to you later.
Anthony Garcia: Thank you.